rated M for Mature
when we came out with Saint row one
there really weren't that many open
world games that were out there and I
think that at this point in the industry
it's pretty tough to come up with a game
that really is unlike anything else out
there
that's one of the things that I think
the people have always loved about Saint
row there's nothing else like that in
terms of the tone in terms of all the
options and the over-the-top nature of
everything put in your tampons and let's
do this
it's kind of like improv building on top
of it and then you can I take a step
back and look at all what you created
we have a dildo bat plan because we have
a meeting as we still don't we talk
about well what if we do this I've
thought about this man like these really
like injury conversations about these
really silly things for the most part it
games all about the player having fun
doing crazy shit sort of having their
way with the game it's a huge initiative
and there's so much to this game they're
trying to get everything right and get
everything balanced polish and get
everything tested it's definitely a
testament to the team we've got talented
bunch of folks here that put it all in
and try to stand toe-to-toe against
giants and think we're doing all right
we love our fans and so that's why I say
so before we really did this approach of
it being a love song to our fans that we
never forget the people that stuck with
us this entire time because that's why
we got to be where we are without stands
for one and two there'd be no saints row
3 without stands for 3 did never be a
stance report and so finding ways to go
and have the game Eve all but evolve in
such a way that doesn't animate them
that makes them feel that they're part
of the journey rather than being forced
to come along for a ride I never wanted
is something that's very important to us
it takes a lot of work to make something
that's beautifully stupid